VMware Refactor (#2540)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/clusters/data-center/vmware/vmware.md

---
sidebar_label: "VMware"
title: "VMware"
description: "Learn how to configure VMware to create VMware clusters in Palette."
hide_table_of_contents: false
sidebar_position: 30
tags: ["data center", "vmware"]
---

> Palette supports VMware as a data center provider, enabling you to deploy and manage Kubernetes clusters on VMware

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Palette supports VMware as a datacenter provider, enabling you to deploy and manage Kubernetes clusters on VMware
```

Reviewer: Written as one word elsewhere in this PR.

> virtual machines. Palette achieves this by using a [Private Cloud Gateway (PCG)](../../pcg/architecture.md),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
virtual machines. Palette achieves this through a [Private Cloud Gateway (PCG)](../../pcg/architecture.md),
```

> establishing a secure connection from the internal network to the internet-accessible Palette instance and effectively

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which establishes a secure connection from the internal network to the internet-accessible Palette instance and effectively
```

bypassing NAT gateways and firewalls.

> Palette supports VMware as a data center provider. With this, you can deploy and manage Kubernetes clusters on VMware

Reviewer: Repeated paragraph as above?
